readme.md, before:

# Game_gui 
###### inside name: game_new
This is a game made with sdl2 and c++
it has (almost) infinite worlds, with 3 types of terrain, stone ground, dirt ground, and tree. In the future there will be propobly a lot more!

### DUNGEONS CAN GET YOU STUCK!

### This project uses nerd-font: https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts

## ALPHA STAGE
### Requirements (ideas) for Beta stage:
- [x] help menu in game
- [ ] dungeons fix
- [ ] in-game music
- [ ] in-game "timer"
- [x] more distro support
- [ ] KaNaPi build script
- [ ] More terrain types

## Installation

* [Installation under Ubuntu](install.md)

## Build

* [Build instruction](build.md)

## Keys

* ESC - menu: exit, load, save, help menu
* m   - menu: energy
* arrows, w, a, s, d - moves
* r - switch running
* e, ENTER - interact

## screenshots / art
![](screenshots/1.png)
![](screenshots/2.png)
![](screenshots/3.png)
![](screenshots/4.png)
![](screenshots/5.png)
![](screenshots/6.png)
![](screenshots/7.png)
![](screenshots/8.png)
![](screenshots/9.png)

Commit message:

more / better info in readme.md
Signed-off-by: Hanuko33 <piotr.a.danecki@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

# Game_gui 
###### inside name: game_new
This is a game made with sdl2 and c++
it has (almost) infinite worlds, with 3 types of terrain, stone ground, dirt ground, and tree. In the future there will be propobly a lot more!

### DUNGEONS CAN GET YOU STUCK!

### This project uses nerd-font: https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts

## ALPHA STAGE
### Requirements (ideas) for Beta stage:
- [x] help menu in game
- [ ] dungeons fix (better genration)
- [ ] in-game music
- [ ] in-game "timer" (for in game events)
- [x] more distro support
- [ ] KaNaPi build script
- [ ] Better generation
    - [ ] More terrain types
        - [ ] Water, with collision
    - [ ] biome support
- [ ] something that interacts with the "timer"

## Installation

* [Installation under Ubuntu](install.md)

## Build

* [Build instruction](build.md)

## Keys

* ESC - menu: exit, load, save, help menu
* m   - menu: energy
* arrows, w, a, s, d - moves
* r - switch running
* e, ENTER - interact

## screenshots / art
![](screenshots/1.png)
![](screenshots/2.png)
![](screenshots/3.png)
![](screenshots/4.png)
![](screenshots/5.png)
![](screenshots/6.png)
![](screenshots/7.png)
![](screenshots/8.png)
![](screenshots/9.png)
